What did the volcano say to his wife? I lava you!
What do you call a benzene ring with all iron atoms instead of carbon atoms? A Ferrous wheel.
What did the gold say to the pyrite? You're a fool and a fake.
What do you call an Irish gem that isn't real? A sham-rock.
What do you get when you mix sulfur, tungsten and silver? SWAg.
Why did the geologist take her friends to the quarry for a geologists' outing? She wanted them to be boulder.
Why won't minerals ever tell lies? They're always in their pure form.
Why did the tectonic plates break up? It wasn't anyone's fault, there was just too much friction between them.
What do you call a periodic table with gold missing? Au revoir.
What did the diamond say to the copper? Nothing silly, minerals don't talc!
What do geologists say to one another at the end of the day? Bye, have a gneiss day!
What weapon can you make from potassium, nickel and iron? A KNiFe.
Mountains aren't funny, they're hill-areas!
What do you call a can of soda found in a conglomerate? Coca-Cola Clastic.
What do you call a rock that won't go to school? A skipping stone.
Where do rocks like to sleep? In bedrocks.
What did the metamorphic rock say during the test? This is just too much pressure!
Why was the sedimentary rock so cheap? Because it was on shale.
Why is the world so diverse? Because it contains alkynes of people.
When were rock puns the funniest puns of all time? During the Stone Age.
What does a rock eat? Poma-granites.
My rocks are gneiss, do not take them for granite.
What did the rock say after it failed its driving test? I don't want to talc about it.
Want to hear a great rock pun? Just give me a moment and I'll dig one up.
What did Sherlock Holmes say when Watson asked what type of rock he was holding? "Sedimentary, my dear Watson".
Why are rocks hipsters? Because they were magma before they were cool.
What do geologists do to make a good impression? They make sure they smell gneiss.
How did the geologist's model boat drown? It was below C-level.
How does a geologist like to relax? In a rocking chair.
Did you know that geologists are athletic? Yep, it says so in Quartz Illustrated.
Did you hear about the geologist who was reading a book on Helium? She just couldn't put it down!
What do people love most about geologists? Geologists are so down to earth.
Why should you not lend geologists money? They consider a million years ago to be Recent.
What's a geologist's favorite band? The Rolling Stones.
What's a geologist's favorite flavour of ice cream? Rock erode.
Why are geologists never hungry? Because they lost their apatite.
What did the rock say to the geologist who said they hated rock puns? "My sediments exactly."
What did the psychologist tell the geologist? Every decline is a great breakthrough.
Why are geologists excellent gift-givers? They're very sedimental.
What did the motivational speaker say to the geologist? Don't take life for granite.
What did Darth Vader say to the geologist? May the quartz be with you.